.TH "TRIGGER" "5" "" "" "trigger.yaml"
.SH NAME
trigger.yaml \- Trigger configuration
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fItrigger\fR\&.yaml
.PP
Configuration for trigger in YAML format,
encodes information of how to validate received events and run what commands after that.
.PP
Please visit \fBtrigger\fR(1) or run 
\fItrigger\fR \-\-help 
for commandline help.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.SS Settings block starts with \fB"settings:"\fR
.PP
\fB"host:"\fR \- Socket address that trigger is going to listen.
.PP
\fB"secret:"\fR \- Optional but recommended, the secret for validating the requests.
.PP
\fB"print_commands"\fR \- Print the commands while executing or not, default to false.
.PP
\fB"capture_output"\fR \- Capture the output of the commands or not, default to false.
.PP
\fB"exit_on_error"\fR \- Equivalent to \fBset -e\fR in shell scripts, default to false.
.PP
.SS Commands need to be written in the \fB"events:"\fR block:
.PP
\fB"common:"\fR \- Commands listed in this section will be prepended to all the other events.
Common functions can be written here.
.PP
\fB"else:"\fR \- Commands here will be executed when the receiving event doesn't find a match in the rest parts of this block.
Just like a \fIelse\fR clause in programming languages.
.PP
Rest of the available events are listed in documentation of GitHub and GitLab.
.PP
See \fIhttps://developer.github.com/webhooks/#events\fR
and
\fIhttps://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/integrations/webhooks.html#events\fR
.SH SEE ALSO
Example configuration: https://github.com/RedL0tus/trigger/blob/master/trigger.yaml
.PP
Commandline help: \fBtrigger\fR(1)
